I was walking down the street, just minding my own business. I had just left my friends, I like to sneak out at night, you know, my mom was way too strict. I need to be able to have friends man, I’m a teenager. Anyways, I was walking down the street and I saw some people on the other side of the road. They looked mad. It looked like they were arguing over something with a homeless guy, he probably just asked for some money or something dumb like that.

I just kept on walking though, I didn’t think that I had to do anything, it was none of my business. I heard a loud noise though, it sounded like someone was just punched, it was very unpleasant. I turned around and witness two men kicking everything holy out of this homeless guy man. I almost felt bad. All I could do was watch, I hoped they wouldn’t do anything to me, I’m not sure why they would… it’s not like I did anything. The last hits I saw. Were. Brutal. Two punches to the head and then a solid slam into the concrete. I was done as soon as I saw that. I wanted to get home as fast as possible, that was way to sketchy for me. I snuck back in through my bedroom window, at the time I lived in a one story house so it wasn’t too hard. I got into bed and looked at my clock. The time read 3:30 am. It was a Monday the next day, so it wouldn’t be awful if I was just a little tired for class. 

That night was by far the worst night’s sleep that I have ever had. It still haunts me. I remember waking up, every hour, like a clock. Knock, knock, knock. I couldn’t figure out what it was. I checked literally every part of my house and I could never find it. That next day I was a little more than tired, I fell asleep in every class. I got sent to the office for sleeping through math and yelling at the teacher for waking me up. It was totally worth it. Any ways, I met my friends at lunch. I told them about what I saw and how I couldn’t sleep after. They responded with their usual bullcrap of how I’m just a momma’s boy and that I was just guilty that I snuck out. But I always knew that it was more.

I made it through the rest of that day, barely. I got home later and my mom and her sister were sitting in the living room, talking about some garbage home living magazine. They were twins so I walked in to the room and laid lazily across the char in the corner of the room. All I did was screw around on my phone while they went back and forth about some sort of colonial bed frame. I tuned in after that because I heard them talking about some dead homeless guy, I was curious if that was the one that I saw that night. I wasn’t that worried about it. My phone was dead, but I didn’t move, I found myself in a nice position. My aunt had just gotten her hair dyed blonde, but it was pretty temporary, shouldn’t last more than 2 days. My mom uses my aunt as a mirror because they are twins, it works the other way around as well. 

My mom wanted to get her hair dyed blonde after that. I was indifferent about the idea, I always liked my mom better as a Burnette. But I digress. I ate dinner quickly that night and went to bed at around 9, as I was still very tired from the day before. It didn’t help going to bed that early, as I kept having dreams. It would happen just the same as the night before, every hour. This time though, it changed, it got more specific. I would hear the knocks as usual, but I could look around now. I didn’t know where I was, but it felt familiar. The knocks began to speed up, it was impossible to tell them apart. I would follow the knocking, but it would stop suddenly. I would turn around, and there in front of me was this bright blonde hair, but it would be streaked with blood. As the figure fell I would hear three final knocks and then I would shoot up. All I could remember was the blonde hair, it reminded me of my aunt. 

At school the next day I tried my hardest to stay up. I probably consumed enough caffeine to kill an elephant. It didn’t help much, but it did make me think about what the dreams were about last night. Was it possible that my aunt would just… die? I met my friends to tell them about the progression of my dreams but it didn’t help. They all think I’m lying anyways. They would have to be blind to not see the bags under my eyes, but they just thought it took me this long to think of this. I didn’t know how else to convince them.

That night I came home and no one was there. There was a note in the kitchen from my mom saying that she just ran to the store to get a few things. That was perfect, I could finally sleep. I just hoped that I would be alright and not have any dreams. I was right. I slept for what seemed like an eternity. Then, out in the distance, knock, knock, knock. This was different though, it seemed very… real. I got out of bed and walked down the hallway where it came to a T, to the left was the kitchen and to the right was the front room. I blinked, I swore to god I saw that homeless guy in front of me. Every time I blinked I saw him. 

I continued down the hallway, it was dark, and the knocking continued. I would turn my head and see that guy everywhere. By the time I reached the end I was convinced he was in the house. I ran to the kitchen and grabbed the knife that was sitting on the kitchen table and held it close to me. I wandered into the front room towards the door, that’s when the relief hit me… The knocking was just on the door. I hid the knife in my hand which was behind the door. I opened it slowly and peered outside. On the porch I saw a figure with the familiar faded Burnette hair of my mothers. I was relieved, I let out a simple greeting, as I didn’t want to hint towards my earlier nervousness. The response back was unexpected, it was actually my aunt, the dye must have worn out.

I invited her in, paying no attention to the large knife in my other hand. I backed up as she walked in, but my back hit something. At that moment, I was convinced it was the homeless man. I spun around, revealing the knife in my hand. I saw the blonde hair, I panicked and I tried to pull back my swing, but I couldn’t do it. The blade made a sharp crease in the side of my helpless mother’s face. The blood from the cut splattered against her hair. As she fell back, she hit her head against the door frame of the hallway, knock. Her body fell to the other side, falling on a clothes hamper, knock. The last knock has heard when her head landed and impacted with the hard concrete floor.

I knew exactly what just happened. My mother’s brain was hemorrhaging. There was no way to save her. I turned to see my aunts face was a mix of fear and disgust. In the distance behind her, I saw the homeless man. I rushed past my aunt, wielding the knife firmly. I got within a foot of the man and harshly brought the knife down. It didn’t matter though, in seconds I realized that I actually hit my aunt instead, I’m not sure how, but it was too late to do anything to stop myself. She fell to the floor with a single blow. In shock, I turned around and saw that guy in my house. What he said to me I’ll remember forever… 

*Here you stand in shock and awe*

*To see the damage that you have caused*

*Be sure to learn from your mistakes*

*The power of ignorance, all lives take*

*Forever remember, whatever you do*

*It will always come back to you*
