Their names were Vindex, Blaze, and Lenna. These all only screen names, too odd to be something a parent would name their child, but they were what I knew them as. They were my… everything for two years. They kept me going and kept me inspired. Before I met them, writing was the only thing I did only when I had absolutely no choice because it was simply awful, but once I met them and they showed me their fantastic world of gods and goddesses of everything under the sun. When they showed me these things, I knew there was nothing else I could do with my life except share that wonder and fantasy with the world.

I met them online, through a game called Club Penguin. They were affiliated with an ‘army’ who called themselves ‘The Night Warriors of CP’. I joined a chatting website, full of curiosity as to what exactly this army was. Little did I know that this one little decision to google this thing I had never heard of, would change my life. The people were friendly and funny. They welcomed me to their group almost immediately. One person in particular, named Vindex, started talking to me and we talked for hours on end, about ourselves, about school, about everything. I trusted him with my life, and, honestly, I still do.

After school one day, I got home and immediately got on the computer and went to the website and saw Vindex talking to someone to someone with the screen name Blaze. Blaze was hilarious, and acted stupid, but she was creative and intelligent and was as nice as a sarcastic eleven year old could be. We became friends almost instantly, finding more and more things we had in common. One slow, boring day, she introduced me to role-playing. She had mentioned it earlier, but hadn’t really elaborated on it and what it was, but that day she showed me all the magic she could do. She called her character Blaze for simplicity’s sake. She told me all about how her character was the goddess of sharks and mastodons, and, at first, I didn’t really understand. As soon as she began to explain the idea of it, I knew it would be something I would fall in love with.

She talked to me about what I liked and I told her all about how much I loved dragons and fire and the concept of being able to control it, and she helped me decide to be the goddess of dragons. Around the same time I was creating this character, a girl by the name of Lenna joined the chat. She was so kind, like the older sister I never had. She took me under her wing and taught me everything about writing role-plays that she knew, and then she battled me in this way. I still think she let me win, but it was exhilarating to be able to describe the things I was doing with only an asterisk and the right words. After a while, I ended up role-playing with many different people, until one fateful day in the middle of the school year in the fifth grade, one of my friends told me about the story they were writing about their character, and I decided to copy them and write one of my own. 

That day, Allyssa Scrido was born, my character finally had a name. That day I started writing a novel which would reach twenty-five chapters, 127 pages, and over 45000 words in only two years, and still not be done. That fateful day in 2011 was the day I would fall in love with writing, I would fall in love with describing the texture of a leaf and the color of the sun set and the way the wind whipped back and forth causing the character’s hair to snap their cheek and leave a bright red mark. I knew that there was nothing else I would rather do with my life.

That was the day I began to feel free again.

And I owe it all to Vindex, Blaze, and Lenna.
